.TH CLOUDWATCHD-WORKER "8" "December 2012" "cloudwatchd-1.0"
.SH NAME
cloudwatchd-worker \- Worker script to continuously stream a directory of script output(s) to Amazon's Cloudwatch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cloudwatchd-worker
\fIFILE\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This script is invoked by cloudwatchd, but can be run directly if desired. This script takes one optional argument, \fIFILE\fR, which is the path to a cloudwatch configuration file. At a minimum, this file must contain the following keys:
     AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE=\fIFILE\fR
     CLOUDWATCH_METRICS_DIR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR

The file provided in AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE must contain the following keys:
    AWSAccessKeyId=\fISTRING\fR
    AWSSecretKey=\fISTRING\fR

As of version 1.0, \fIFILE\fR provided for the cloudwatch configuratio file may also by the string "stdout", to stream logging to stdout in a non-daemonized mode.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/cloudwatchd/cloudwatchd.conf
\- Default configuration file.
.TP
.I /etc/cloudwatchd/credentials.
\- Default credentials file, kept separate to honor Amazon's distributed Cloudwatch executable jar which requires it.
.TP
.I /etc/init/cloudwatchd
\- The root-spawned init script intended to invoke this script.
.TP
.I /usr/local/bin/cloudwatchd-worker
\- This daemon-spawned worker script.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Royce Remer.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBcloudwatchd\fP(8)
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report cloudwatchd bugs to rremer@sunrunhome.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
