.TH CLOUDWATCHD "8" "January 2013" "cloudwatchd"
.SH NAME
cloudwatchd \- Continuously stream a directory of script output(s) to Amazon's Cloudwatch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cloudwatchd
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Cloudwatchd is a daemon which takes a directory of scripts in various programming languages, runs them at a designated interval, and sends their stdout along with parsed metadata to Amazon's Cloudwatch.

The default configuration file is assumed to be /etc/cloudwatchd/cloudwatchd.conf, but can be any location passed to this daemon as the first argument. The configuration file must have:

     AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE=\fIFILE\fR
     CLOUDWATCH_METRICS_DIR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR

The Cloudwatchd daemon will run each script in \fICLOUDWATCH_METRICS_DIR\fR according to its file extension, use the file's name as the metric name, parse "METRIC_UNIT=" from the file as the unit, parse "NAMESPACE=" from the file as the namespace, and post the stdout of the script to Amazon's Cloudwatch using the API credentials provided in \fIAWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE\fR.

Version 1.0 currently parses up to two keywords from the metric script itself before posting data to Cloudwatch, they are:
     METRIC_UNIT=[\fISTRING\fR]		defaults to "None". honored values are maintained by the python-boto library
     NAMESPACE=[\fISTRING\fR]		defaults to "Default",
.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
  \-c, \-\-conf			configuration file to start daemon with
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/cloudwatchd/cloudwatchd.conf
\- Default configuration file.
.TP
.I /etc/cloudwatchd/credentials.
\- Default credentials file, kept separate to honor Amazon's distributed Cloudwatch executable jar which requires it.
.TP
.I /etc/init/cloudwatchd
\- The root-spawned init script.
.TP
.I /usr/local/bin/cloudwatchd-worker
\- The daemon-spawned worker script.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Royce Remer.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report cloudwatchd bugs to rremer@sunrunhome.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
